c:\users\abhi\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\IMDBMoviesType\IMDBMoviesType\bin\IMDBMoviesType.dll
c:\users\abhi\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\IMDBMoviesType\IMDBMoviesType\bin\IMDBMoviesType.pdb
c:\users\abhi\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\IMDBMoviesType\IMDBMoviesType\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\abhi\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\IMDBMoviesType\IMDBMoviesType\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\abhi\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\IMDBMoviesType\IMDBMoviesType\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\abhi\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\IMDBMoviesType\IMDBMoviesType\bin\Microsoft.Web.Mvc.FixedDisplayModes.dll
c:\users\abhi\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\IMDBMoviesType\IMDBMoviesType\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\abhi\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\IMDBMoviesType\IMDBMoviesType\bin\System.Net.Http.dll
c:\users\abhi\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\IMDBMoviesType\IMDBMoviesType\bin\System.Net.Http.WebRequest.dll
c:\users\abhi\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\IMDBMoviesType\IMDBMoviesType\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\abhi\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\IMDBMoviesType\IMDBMoviesType\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\abhi\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\IMDBMoviesType\IMDBMoviesType\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\abhi\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\IMDBMoviesType\IMDBMoviesType\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\abhi\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\IMDBMoviesType\IMDBMoviesType\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\abhi\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\IMDBMoviesType\IMDBMoviesType\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\abhi\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\IMDBMoviesType\IMDBMoviesType\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\abhi\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\IMDBMoviesType\IMDBMoviesType\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\abhi\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\IMDBMoviesType\IMDBMoviesType\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\abhi\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\IMDBMoviesType\IMDBMoviesType\bin\System.Net.Http.xml
c:\users\abhi\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\IMDBMoviesType\IMDBMoviesType\bin\System.Net.Http.WebRequest.xml
c:\users\abhi\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\IMDBMoviesType\IMDBMoviesType\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\abhi\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\IMDBMoviesType\IMDBMoviesType\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\abhi\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\IMDBMoviesType\IMDBMoviesType\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\abhi\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\IMDBMoviesType\IMDBMoviesType\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\abhi\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\IMDBMoviesType\IMDBMoviesType\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\abhi\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\IMDBMoviesType\IMDBMoviesType\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\abhi\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\IMDBMoviesType\IMDBMoviesType\obj\Debug\IMDBMoviesType.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\abhi\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\IMDBMoviesType\IMDBMoviesType\obj\Debug\IMDBMoviesType.dll
c:\users\abhi\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\IMDBMoviesType\IMDBMoviesType\obj\Debug\IMDBMoviesType.pdb
C:\Users\Abhi\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\IMDBMoviesType\IMDBMoviesType\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
C:\Users\Abhi\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\IMDBMoviesType\IMDBMoviesType\bin\WebGrease.dll
C:\Users\Abhi\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\IMDBMoviesType\IMDBMoviesType\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
